[Elixir] New `exceptions` concept exercise (#1623)
exercism/v3: languages/elixir/exercises/concept/exceptions/.docs/instructions.md

While continuing your work at _Instruments of Texas_, there is progress being made on the elixir implementation of the RPN calculator. Your team would like to be able to raise errors that are more specific than the generic errors provided by the standard library. You are doing some research, but you have decided to implement two new errors which implement the _Exception Behaviour_.

## 1. Error for Division by Zero

Dividing a number by zero produces an undefined result, which the team decides is best represented by an error.

Implement the `DivisionByZeroError` module to have the error message: `"division by zero occurred"`

```elixir
raise DivisionByZeroError
# => ** (DivisionByZeroError) division by zero occurred
```

## 2. Error when encountering stack underflow

> RPN calculators use a _stack_ to keep track of numbers before they are added. The team represents this _stack_ with a list of numbers (integer and floating-point), e.g.: `[3, 4.0]`. Each operation needs a specific number of numbers on the stack in order to perform it's calculation. When there are not enough numbers on the stack, this is called a stack underflow error. Implement an exception which provides a default message, and optional extra context

Reviewer: To be more specific about what needs to be done:
```suggestion
RPN calculators use a _stack_ to keep track of numbers before they are added. The team represents this _stack_ with a list of numbers (integer and floating-point), e.g.: `[3, 4.0]`. Each operation needs a specific number of numbers on the stack in order to perform it's calculation. When there are not enough numbers on the stack, this is called a stack underflow error. Implement the `StackUnderflowError` exception which provides a default message, and optional extra context
```

```elixir
raise StackUnderflowError
# => ** (StackUnderflowError) stack underflow occurred

raise StackUnderflowError, "when dividing"
# => ** (StackUnderflowError) stack underflow occurred, context: when dividing
```

## 3. Write a dividing function

> Create a function which takes a stack _(list of numbers)_ and:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Implement the `divide/1` function which takes a stack _(list of numbers)_ and:
```

- raises _stack underflow_ when the stack does not contain enough numbers

> - raises _division by zero_ when the divisor is 0

Author: ```suggestion
- raises _division by zero_ when the divisor is 0 (note the stack of numbers is stored in the reverse order)
```

- performs the division when no errors are raised

```elixir
RPNCalculator.Exception.divide([])
# => ** (StackUnderflowError) stack underflow occurred, context: when dividing

RPNCalculator.Exception.divide([0, 100])
# => ** (DivisionByZero) division by zero occurred

RPNCalculator.Exception.divide([4, 16])
# => 4
```

> > Note the order of the list is reversed!

Reviewer: This note seems to be out of context here. It definitely doesn't belong to the description of `divide/1`.

Author: I wanted to point it out that the stack is in a LIFO order. So that someone wouldn't say "why does 0 divided by 100 create a division by zero error?"

```suggestion
> Take note, the stack of numbers is stored in the reverse order.
```

maybe?

Reviewer: Maybe it should go directly into:

>  - raises _division by zero_ when the divisor is 0 (note the stack of numbers is stored in the reverse order_

?
